---
layout: master
title: About
---

h1. Jeremy Caldwell

p(intro). I have specialized in Drupal development for over seven years and have been developing for the web for 10+ years. My experience in design helps bring a different approach to development and accounts for user experience along the way. This ensures the project is easy to use and allows for future development.

p(intro). I have trained and given presentations at local and regional Drupal user group meetings and continue to train employees internally. I stay current on new technologies and strive to incorporate new development tools and best practices into my workflow.

p(intro). *Experience, and significant accomplishments:*
"Acquia Silver Partner":http://www.acquia.com/partners/showcase/eternalistic-designs, "Drupal Association Individual Member":http://association.drupal.org, "Drupal.org contributor":http://drupal.org/user/72964 ("Acquia Prosper":https://drupal.org/project/acquia_prosper, "Acquia Marina":https://drupal.org/project/acquia_marina, "Acquia Slate":https://drupal.org/project/acquia_slate, "jBase5":https://drupal.org/project/jbase5, and "Viewport Calculator":https://drupal.org/project/viewport_calculator).

--
Previous clients include Symantec, Dell, O'Reilly, University of Washington, and University of Chicago.

<hr/>

<section class="toolkit">
<div class="languages">

h2. Frameworks

(reset)* "Sass":http://www.sass-lang.com
* "Compass":http://compass-style.org
** "Breakpoint":https://github.com/Team-Sass/breakpoint 
** "Normalize":https://github.com/JohnAlbin/normalize-scss
** "rgbapng":https://github.com/aaronrussell/compass-rgbapng
** "Singularity":https://github.com/Team-Sass/Singularity
** "Toolkit":https://github.com/Team-Sass/toolkit
* "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com
</div>

<div class="tools">
h2. Tools

(reset)* "Sublime Text":http://www.sublimetext.com
* "iTerm2":http://www.iterm2.com
* "Git":http://git-scm.com
** "GitHub":http://github.com
** "BitBucket":http://bitbucket.org
** "Beanstalk":http://beanstalkapp.com
* "Sequel Pro":http://www.sequelpro.com
* "MAMP":http://www.mamp.info
</div>

<div class="other">
h2. Other

(reset)* "HTML Starter":https://github.com/eternalistic/html-starter
* "Drupal Zen Subtheme":https://github.com/eternalistic/zen_subtheme
* "Drush":https://github.com/drush-ops/drush
</div>

</section>

<hr/>

h2. Senior Web Developer

Magner Sanborn, Spokane, WA
April 2012 - Present
"www.magnersanborn.com":http://www.magnersanborn.com

p(intro). As a Senior Web Developer I specialize in frontend web development building attractive responsive sites using the Drupal framework. I also have experience working within a .NET environment and crafting elegant frontend systems.

I strive to stay current with the technologies within our community and contribute back and share what I’ve learned as much as possible.

* Responsive design and development
* Drupal theme development
* Drupal site development
* .NET frontend development

Aside from development I am also responsible for helping lead a team of web developers and working with designers, project managers, and clients.

* Creation of internal development processes and training (SASS, Grunt, responsive design process, Git workflows, developer and designer collaboration, prototyping, and more)
* Consulting
* Building internal tools
* Contributing to open source projects
* Client services
* Solution architecting

<hr/>

h2. Co-founder

Notera, Spokane, WA
January 2014 - Present
"www.notera.net":http://www.notera.net

<hr/>

h2. Software Engineer

OpenSesame, Portland, OR
November 2010 - April 2012
"www.opensesame.com":http://www.opensesame.com | "www.bluevolt.com":http://www.bluevolt.com

* Drupal theme development
* Provide insight and solutions in regards to the web development process
* HTML/CSS development
* PHP development
* jQuery development
* User interface design and interaction

<hr/>

h2. Drupal Themer / Project Manager

TopNotchThemes, San Francisco, CA
June 2008 - November 2010
"www.topnotchthemes.com":http://www.topnotchthemes.com | "www.fusiondrupalthemes.com":http://www.fusiondrupalthemes.com

* Drupal theme development
* Project management and client relations
* Provide insight and solutions in regards to the web development process
* Develop creative concepts for themes and admin interaction
* HTML/CSS development
* Technical support

<hr/>

h2. Web Developer - Contractor

Palantir.net, Evanston, IL
November 2007 - June 2008
"www.palantir.net":http://www.palantir.net

* Drupal theme development
* Provide insight and solutions in regards to the web development process
* Develop creative concepts for web site content and interaction
* HTML/CSS development
* Web site maintenance and updates
* Search engine optimization

<hr/>

h2. Web Developer

CAESY Education Systems, Vancouver, Washington
January 2006 - November 2007

* Technical lead / developer on all web related projects
* Provide insight and solutions in regards to the web development process
* Develop creative concepts for web site content and interaction
* HTML/CSS development
* Drupal 4.7, 5.x development - Design and coding from the ground up
* Provide Macromedia Flash solutions
* Collaboratively work with a UI Designer and a staff of writers
* Multimedia Graphic Design
* Web site maintenance and updates
* Template Design and Creation
* Search engine optimization
* Recreated the CAESY 2008 DVD in flash format to stream video presentations to customers remotely on caesydemo.com
** Over 20 scheduled web-based demonstrations were confirmed for caesydemo.com in the first two weeks of completion
* Developed and created a marketing tool for sales representatives to take the caesydemo.com website with them so they can demonstrate the video presentations on their laptops without the need for internet access
** Created the auto installer file for the CAESY Demo CD-ROM
** Shipped over 1000 CAESY Demo CD-ROMs for sales representatives to use in the field
** The CAESY Demo CD-ROM is used in on the tradeshow floor to showcase the CAESY DVD.

<hr/>

h2. Help Desk Agent

CAESY Education Systems, Vancouver, Washington
August 2005 - January 2006

* Phone based technical support
* Interoffice technical support
* Network and workstation troubleshooting
* Product testing and information gathering
* DVD support
* Working as a team to pool ideas and information into a FAQ

<hr/>

h2. Web Designer / Developer - Owner

Eternalistic Designs, Spokane, Washington
March 2003 - Present

* Working with clients to help promote their business online and in print
* Website and Graphic Design
* HTML/CSS development
* Provide Macromedia Flash solutions
* Multimedia Graphic Design
* Web site maintenance and updates
* Develop creative concepts for web site content and interaction
* Building and maintaining online forums, e-commerce solutions, blogs and newsletters
* Design and creation of printed materials such as business cards and flyers
* CSS/HTML Tutoring and consultation services

<hr/>

h2. Education

*Eastern Washington University, Cheney, WA*
** B.S., Applied Technology

*Clark Community College, Vancouver, WA*
** A.A., General Studies
** A.A.S., Data Networking and Telecommunications
*** Completed Cisco Networking courses
*** Completed Telecommunications courses

<hr/>

h2. Open Source Projects

* Created and released a "Nerdalistic":https://drupal.org/project/nerdalistic, a Drupal Admin theme
* Contributed a theme to "Simplemenu":https://drupal.org/project/simplemenu
* Converted the Drupal 6 release of "Acquia Marina to Drupal 5":http://drupal.org/node/315980
* Created the "Acquia Marina"::http://drupal.org/project/acquia_marina Drupal 6 and 7 theme based on "Fusion Core"::http://drupal.org/project/fusion
* Created the "Acquia Prosper"::http://drupal.org/project/acquia_prosper Drupal 6 and 7 theme based on "Fusion Core"::http://drupal.org/project/fusion
* Created the "Acquia Slate":http://drupal.org/project/acquia_slate Drupal 6 and 7 theme based on "Fusion Core"::http://drupal.org/project/fusion
* Created the "jBase5":http://drupal.org/project/jbase5 Drupal 7 HTML5 theme
* Created the "Viewport Calculator":http://drupal.org/project/viewport_calculator module
* Contributed to SimpleCore, an open source .NET framework

<hr/>

h2. References

Available upon request.